Chris crab bananas lobster and some
shrimp in there also thank you no
problem
oh yeah yeah Chef Ramsay seems to have a
habit to take his food apart for him
eats it so I'm looking forward to
hearing what he has to say how was
everything and the scallops are just
found Oh the prawns are viable cooked
and the crab meat it's plastic imitation
crab you yeah if you told me his
imitation crabmeat I would have ordered
no god help me
well that was his s seafood crepe yeah
that's seafood crap this is the worst of
it I'm sure dude
I'm waiting on my beef fondue filet
mignon fondue which is war so one the
latest along
and this is the oil thank you no problem
nothing like waiting to cook you and me
use that time full of prayer comes out
looking like dog food
it's an ally believing that advancing
appointments tasteless my complete utter
joke why would you deep-fry filet mignon
well the country's best steaks deep
fried I was stupid
Oh No
I wanted him to be happy with us but I
kind of knew deep down inside that there
has to be something wrong with the
restaurant otherwise he wouldn't be here
oh my god what is this after an
underwhelming first meal okay pull
together
Gordon realizes that the owners and the
chef are oblivious to the restaurants
real problems what's wrong with the
business it's test room as you see we
can't fill 18 tables on a Friday night
that's the problem
no the problem here is the food
the food's bad bill I never really had
complaints about the food so that was
never really an area of concern to me
when the fondue arrived and that's just
a joke
I don't enjoy the fondue either but
you're the chef on you you're the
oneness you know you're you're running
it as the head chef right but that's the
intent so change it I don't know what to
do about it have you lost your passion I
never had a passion to begin with I
don't want to be a chef
I was really shocked that that's the way
she felt so you're not sure yeah I had
applications for the job here as a chef
when she approached me and said would
you give me the opportunity I mean you
don't ask for that opportunity if you
don't care what you're doing
why do you take the job Melissa if
you're not a chef yeah the guy was going
out and I was here okay
um I didn't think our situation was as
bad as I'm finding out minute by minute